Mom, how can you say that?
Go away
I just hope you marry the old lady and don't ask any more
I'm back!
Please come back
I think you'd be crazy to say that
Get out of here right now
Hey, young handsome brother, don't go
Don't worry, Jing'er.
Without me, none of you can go to the Qin family banquet
speak out
Qin Shao invites you
Who do you think you are, Qin Shaodao?
Hey, where's the light?
Oh, long hand, are you there too?
Just in time, I have something to do with you
Go go go
Sister, sister, oops.
Emotional intelligence, Zhang Shoucheng hurt you
That's his business.
It has nothing to do with our Qi family.
You want revenge?
Although you are looking for Zhang Shoucheng, this kid is lying
Also lied to my daughter
Don't be soft
Mom, it was the rain that kidnapped me
How can you blame the city?
What are you doing here in July?
Damn girl, what are you talking about?
How dare you talk to Qin Shang like this
See if I kill you
Don't play doubles
Speaking of which
It's all my master's fault
I came to my door today to apologize
For the sake of weekdays
Don't be mad at me!
What the hell is going on?
Is what Zhang Shoucheng said true?
There's a fake mom
The rest of him is a jerk
What are you talking about?
The animals came to the door to apologize in person
Even if you suffer a great grievance, you have to swallow it
Later?
Our seven families still rely on the support of the Qin family
You say yes, beast